Welcome back my students so we learn a lot on the last couple lectures.
We learned how to use prepared statements that's pretty cool but we learn how to fetch it how to fetch
the data.
Why.
Well we learn how to prepare.
We learn how to bind it we learn how to execute.
Basically you've got to follow the sense steps but the last one here Banyon the resoled.
You only do this when you want to fetch some data right when you want to get the result out.
But let's actually test this out with insert categories here.
So this functionality.
Super simple.
This is what we got right here.
So right here we are inserting some data in this field here.
Now this is not a it's not really this is not coming from from outside because they're using here.
But what if the user knew our pages and they want to put the square is under you or else they know everything.
And I didn't know how to get to our pages and in the end they know how to put queries in there you are
able.
So they can still do a secure injection even though the 9 syre application from outside.
So how we do this here.
First of all here we're checking for some method we're checking for is empty.
Here is what we're doing this.
So the first step is replacing this loops
with the prepared statement function.
We first want to parse the connection then we come here we placed these variable of course where if
you don't have to what I like to do it as T and T and T there.
And let's just take this out and give it up and put it in one line values.
And remember we don't pass the whole value we pass the question mark.
Now here you don't have to do this because you're going to do a couple of things here.
First of all you're going to say my eschew a lie as you lie as TMT and you are going to bind the programs
here.
Super simple.
See if I remember correctly.
Yes.
Per annum.
Now when you using a lot of frameworks you're not really doing this.
This is when you're doing BHP from scratch.
So when you see that I forget some of the function guys speech is huge.
And I use a lot of tools every day I don't codes from scratch every single day.
So it's not you know it's hard to keep everything intact on you know you have to keep going back to
the documentation and taking a look at it.
So when you see me forget stuff is because you know that that happens when you use a lot of tools and
when you don't use this everyday.
So but the concept is the same I mean once you learn it you already you don't have to really do everything
from scratch.
You already know this stuff.
You start to remember the functionalities and the parameters.
So we pass a statement here and we're going to say the same is going to be a string and string is going
to be the CAD title.
We fire him.
And that's where we want to fetch.
So we can serve on the input and then you said to cutis as TMT.
That's a cute way.
And what are we executing well we execute in this string are made the statement that say and then here
what you can do is you can grab this guy here and pass it right here and you can check forward to see
if it's if it works.
Let's say this and see if it works if it does and we'll fix it.
But let's add something else just at PI.
And there you can see it works.
If we make some type of mistake here and we pass there saving back here refresh around and we can see
that we have a problem.
And this is a type of errors that hackers would see when they try to do this.
If you have the errors turned on on your website.
So make sure that if you are in production turn them off because you don't want them to see stuff like
this because that gives them an idea where they can do.
OK they have the they see the functions that you're using and they see your pathing all that.
OK.
So this is their insertion.
Really simple guys the same thing with all of them.
You prepare it you bind it you execute it.
That's all you're going to be doing for all of them.
See you in the next lectures.